feat: add CLI for prover services (#955)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-base: bin/tx-prover/README.md

Note that for the prover worker you might need to enable the `testing` feature in case the transactions were executed with reduced proof-of-work requirements (or otherwise, the proving process will fail). This step will also generate the necessary protobuf-related files. You can achieve that by generating the binary with:

```bash
make install-prover-cli-testing
```

## Usage

Once installed, you need to initialize the CLI with:

```bash
miden-tx-prover-cli init
```

This will create the `miden-prover-service.toml` file in your current directory. This file will hold the configuration for both workers and the proxy. You can modify the configuration changing the host and ports of the services, and add workers. An example of a valid configuration is:

```toml
[[workers]]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8080

[[workers]]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8081

[proxy]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8082
```

To add more workers, you will need to add more items with the `[[workers]]` tags.

To start the worker service, once you have configurated at least one in the config file, you will need to run:

```bash

> RUST_LOG=info miden-tx-prover-cli start-worker

Reviewer: Also, on the worker logs, maybe we should show which worker is the one printing the log (i.e. which port). If we change it so that only one worker is running then it wouldn't make much of a difference.

Author: This will no longer happen since now we are only running one worker.

> RUST_LOG=info miden-tx-prover-cli start-worker

Author: I'm adding info logs by default. Making the user to manually change the log level to something that does not show it.

# Miden transaction prover

> A service for generating Miden transaction proofs on-demand. It includes a CLI to control both workers and proxy for the Miden's remote transaction prover service, and a client, `RemoteTransactionProver` to interact with the service from a Rust codebase.
> 
> The worker is a gRPC service that can receive transaction witnesses and returns the proof. It can only handle one request at a time and returns an error if is already in use.
> 
> The proxy uses [Cloudflare's Pingora crate](https://crates.io/crates/pingora), which provides features to create a modular proxy. It is meant to handle multiple workers with a queue for each one. Further information about Pingora and it's features can be found in the [official GitHub repository](https://github.com/cloudflare/pingora).

Reviewer 2: nit: I'd explain this the other way around if we want to be less centered around the CLI. Something like
```suggestion
A service for generating Miden transaction proofs on-demand. The binary enables spawning workers and a proxy for Miden's remote transaction prover service. 

The worker is a gRPC service that can receive transaction witnesses and returns the proof. It can only handle one request at a time and returns an error if is already in use.

The proxy uses [Cloudflare's Pingora crate](https://crates.io/crates/pingora), which provides features to create a modular proxy. It is meant to handle multiple workers with a queue for each one, load balancing incoming requests in a round-robin manner. Further information about Pingora and its features can be found in the [official GitHub repository](https://github.com/cloudflare/pingora).

Additionally, the library can be imported to utilize `RemoteTransactionProver`, a client struct that can be used to interact with the prover service from a Rust codebase.
```

## Installation

> <!-- The following documentation is documented since the CLI is not on crates-io yet -->

Reviewer 2: I think these can be taken out in order to have the instructions ready for when published to crates io (which should be fairly soon IIUC, cc @bobbinth)

Author: Do you mean to remove the comments?

<!-- Install the CLI for production using `cargo`:

```sh
cargo install miden-tx-prover --locked
```

This will install the latest official version of the prover. You can install a specific version using `--version <x.y.z>`:

```sh
cargo install miden-tx-prover --locked --version x.y.z
``` -->

> To build the CLI from a local version, from the root of the workspace you can run:

Reviewer 2: If we want to make it less about the CLI (here and on line 30), I think we can replace "CLI" for "service" or just "crate" and then explain below how to start it.

```bash
make install-tx-prover
```

The CLI can be installed from the source code using specific git revisions with `cargo install`. Note that since these aren't official releases we cannot provide much support for any issues you run into, so consider this for advanced users only.

Note that for the prover worker you might need to enable the `testing` feature in case the transactions were executed with reduced proof-of-work requirements (or otherwise, the proving process will fail). This step will also generate the necessary protobuf-related files. You can achieve that by generating the binary with:

```bash
make install-tx-prover-testing
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: nit (feel free to disregard): I think for readability it might be better to introduce workers here first, and then mention you can run a proxy against a number of running workers (maybe could also be separated in sections). But I wouldn't change the wording too much, mostly ordering.

Author: That actually sounds better.

Once installed, you need to initialize the CLI with:

```bash
miden-tx-prover init
```

This will create the `miden-tx-prover.toml` file in your current directory. This file will hold the configuration for the proxy. You can modify the configuration by changing the host and ports of the services, and add workers. An example of a valid configuration is:

```toml
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8082
timeout_secs = 100
connection_timeout_secs = 10
max_queue_items = 10
max_retries_per_request = 1
max_req_per_sec = 5

[[workers]]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8083

[[workers]]
host = "0.0.0.0"
port = 8084
```

To add more workers, you will need to add more items with the `[[workers]]` tags.

To start the worker service you will need to run:

```bash
miden-tx-prover start-worker --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8082
```

> This will a worker using the hosts and ports defined in the command options. In case that one of the values is not present, the CLI will default to `0.0.0.0` for the host and `50051` for the port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will spawn a worker using the hosts and ports defined in the command options. In case that one of the values is not present, the CLI will default to `0.0.0.0` for the host and `50051` for the port.
```
